Reflection
My learning goals for sprint 2 were to understand the chapters we covered in class from ThinkOS and HFC. My other goal was also to make a progress with the group project and get some Minimum Viable Product (MVB) for the final project completed. For the class exercises, I read chapters 3 and 4 of HFC and 3 and 4 for TOS as well. I also followed and worked on the exercises in the HFC and TOS. For the project, I managed to render a video of the b-curve and blender, which was one of the task that we had set for this sprint. I also explored further into opengl and physics engine since our project will be using these libraries as the main resources to build the brachistochrone curve. In overall, I think I did manage to accomplish these goals, especially on the readings and exercises.
For the group, project, I think we did make some significant progress but we also ran into some challenges that somehow slowed down the project towards the end of the sprint. One major task we managed to complete was lay out the foundation of the code, and build a basic demo of the basics engine with a sphere. The challenge we ran into here, however, was contributing together in the code. Since most of us in the group, including myself, are super new to the functionality of opengl and physics engine and libraries, one of our group member (Ted), decided to help us lay out the foundation and the template for the code. Because there were several pieces in code that build on each other, we thought that it would be nice for one person to just lay out the overall foundation for the code then once that’s finished we will add up the details for each function/method. He was able to lay out the code foundation, but then communication problem became an issue here. We were not able to assign specific members of the team what object of the code to work on. So the project somehow slowed down. However, we were able during Wednesday’s (2/22/17) to clear out the confusions and assign each member an object to complete. My hope is this method will work, but considering the fact the most of us are pretty new, we are forced to learn several things at once. This has been somehow frustrating. So the other option is to do a group coding. We are going to see after the division of labor if it is an efficient way. If not then we may decide to do a group code. My hope and I think it’s everyone’s hope in the group is that everyone contributes in the project, but also at the same time not get overwhelmed working on a task that probably the next member has a better knowledge on. So collaboration and better communication skills is what I think our group needs to improve on. I’m confident that the work will be done efficiently with better communication and collaboration. I also think no one in our group has taken the task of “leading” the group. I think if we had someone step up and act as the leader it would bridge the communication problems we are running into. This is something we are going to work on for the next sprint. 

Links to Head First C exercises
I did follow most of the exercises in the head first c textbook and I think I understood most of them. Chapter 4 was a little tricky but I’ll revisit it and explore other external resources related to the chapter. I also tried ex04 but wasn’t able to complete it. It took me sometime to unpack the files but I was able to finally do so. I will complete and submit the refactored solution in the next reflection. Here is the link for the unpacked files: 

https://github.com/kalekem/ExercisesInC/tree/master/exercises/ex04

 
ThinkOS reading question answers
I completed the readings for chapters 3 and 4 of ThinkOS. Here are the links
Chapter 3: https://github.com/kalekem/ExercisesInC/wiki/Chapter-3:-Virtual-Memory
Chapter 4: https://github.com/kalekem/ExercisesInC/wiki/Chapter-4:-Files-and-File-Systems

Exam question(s) and solution
Q. Which of the following is not included in an inode in Linux?
A. File Owner B. File name C. File Modification date D. Pointer to the first data block
*Answer: B *

